[Datasource, Resource] Network Address Groups, Member (#153)
powervs-ibm/terraform-provider-ibm: website/docs/r/pi_network_address_group.html.markdown

        pi_cloud_instance_id = "<value of the cloud_instance_id>"
        pi_name = "name"
    }
```

### Notes

- Please find [supported Regions](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/power-cloud#endpoint) for endpoints.
- If a Power cloud instance is provisioned at `lon04`, The provider level attributes should be as follows:
  - `region` - `lon`
  - `zone` - `lon04`
  
Example usage:

  ```terraform
    provider "ibm" {
      region    =   "lon"
      zone      =   "lon04"
    }
  ```

## Argument Reference

Review the argument references that you can specify for your resource.

- `pi_cloud_instance_id` - (Required, String) The GUID of the service instance associated with an account.
- `pi_name` - (Required, String) The name of the Network Address Group.
- `pi_user_tags` - (Optional, List) A list of tags.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all argument reference list, you can access the following attribute reference after your resource is created.

- `crn` - (String) The network address group's crn.
- `network_address_group_id` - (String) The unique identifier of the network address group.
- `members` - (List) The list of IP addresses in CIDR notation in the network address group.

> Nested schema for `members`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  Nested schema for `members`:
```

---
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM : ibm_pi_network_address_group"
description: |-
  Manages network address group.
subcategory: "Power Systems"
---

# ibm_pi_network_address_group

Create, update, and delete a network address group.

## Example Usage

The following example creates a network address group.

```terraform
    resource "ibm_pi_network_address_group" "network_address_group_instance" {
        pi_cloud_instance_id = "<value of the cloud_instance_id>"
        pi_name = "name"
    }
```

### Notes

- Please find [supported Regions](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/power-cloud#endpoint) for endpoints.
- If a Power cloud instance is provisioned at `lon04`, The provider level attributes should be as follows:
  - `region` - `lon`
  - `zone` - `lon04`
  
Example usage:

  ```terraform
    provider "ibm" {
      region    =   "lon"
      zone      =   "lon04"
    }
  ```

## Timeouts

ibm_pi_network_address_group provides the following [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/resources/syntax.html) configuration options:

> - **delete** - (Default 5 minutes) Used for deleting network address group.

Reviewer 2: Add update and create timeout when added to resource.

Author: Not needed here

## Argument Reference

Review the argument references that you can specify for your resource.

- `pi_cloud_instance_id` - (Required, String) The GUID of the service instance associated with an account.
- `pi_name` - (Required, String) The name of the Network Address Group.

> - `pi_user_tags` - (Optional, List) A list of tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `pi_user_tags` - (Optional, List) List of user tags attached to the resource.
```

Author: Done
